Ascension starts at level 25 and caps out 30. At level 25, the player
is considered to be an unkillable mortal, and can begin the ascension
process at any time. The process involves completing a long and brutually
difficult dungeon, however he is allowed to die and pick himself back up
and keep on going. (The heroic legend who dusts himself off and keeps trying)

For every level that you wait until ascending, the player will receive a
large score increase AND significant reconognition. The big catch is that
when killed, the player will revert back to the start of the 25th level
regardless of how far he has levelled. Thus, there is a lot of risk for our
player to continue beyond 25... and thus a lot of bragging rights for
ascending at level 30. (The final dungeon is still VERY dangerous, and will
continue as the final guardians recogonize the threat)


At level 20 or so, the planes open up. The player is first allowed to venture
to the main extra-planar capital, where he can see amazingly powerful items,
recipes and magic for the first tmie. For the next three to four levels, he
can complete minor dungeons in the capital, or continue to finish the very
difficult home dungeons

Once the player reaches level 25, he can no longer continue to level in his
home plane. He must explore the deadly planes in an attempt to further 
level. these planes should be places of fantastic and deadly new mechanics,
encounters and everything else. They will have fantastic powers, but be
extrodinarily deadly to the player. If he has not prepared properly, the
player WILL die a painful and horrible death. Additionally, these planes
will have legendary artifacts that can be brought back to the planar capital
for a big point bonus.

The idea is that these planar sites are not required for the player to
complete (They can already ascend at 25), but instead give an extra challenge
to any player who is interested. Also on repeat plays the player can try
traversing these planes... maybe not all classes can easily explore these
planes.

-----------------------

Interesting game mechanics:

1. One time vaults / towers
    A one time vault or tower is a minor dungeon (several rooms and or floors)
    that potentially contain lots of treasure, powerful weapons and or
    very powerful monsters. These players get one shot at completing the
    area before it forever locks and dissapears
